.TH ROFK 1 "2026" "Route Fork" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
rofk \- SOCKS proxy\-aware port scanner with nmap integration
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rofk
\fB\-proxlist\fR \fIfile\fR
\fB\-ip\fR \fItarget\fR
[\fIoptions\fR]
[\fInmap\-flags\fR...]
.PP
.B rofk
\fBvalidate\fR [\fIflags\fR]
.PP
.B rofk
\fBscan\fR [\fIflags\fR]
.PP
.B rofk
[\fBman\fR|\fBhelp\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rofk
routes port scans through SOCKS4/SOCKS5 proxy pools.
By default it uses a built\-in, pure\-Go TCP scanner that sends every connection
through a proxy (no direct\-connection fallback) and detects service versions.
For version detection or NSE on ranges, \fB\-tool nmap\fR starts a local SOCKS
relay so
.BR nmap (1)
can run without proxychains; unrecognised flags are forwarded to nmap unchanged.
See the CIDR leak warning under OPTIONS.
.PP
Running without arguments opens the graphical user interface.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS "Route Fork flags"
.TP
\fB\-proxlist\fR \fIfile\fR
Proxy list file.  One entry per line.  Accepted formats:
.nf
  host:port
  socks4://host:port
  socks5://host:port
  socks5://user:pass@host:port
  host:port:user:pass
.fi
.TP
\fB\-ip\fR \fItarget\fR
Target host, IP address, or CIDR block (e.g.\& \fI192.168.1.0/24\fR).
The target may also be given as a positional argument.
Multiple \fB\-ip\fR flags or positional args scan multiple targets,
each consuming the next proxy from the pool.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR \fIports\fR
Port specification: \fI80,443\fR or \fI1\-1024\fR or \fI1\-65535\fR.
Forwarded verbatim to nmap as well.
.TP
\fB\-out\fR \fIfile\fR
Write results to this file.  Format is controlled by \fB\-type\fR.
.TP
\fB\-type\fR \fIfmt\fR
Output format for \fB\-out\fR.  One of:
.RS
.TP
\fBtxt\fR (default)
Human\-readable table.
.TP
\fBjson\fR
JSON array of objects: host, port, proto, service, version, proxy.
.TP
\fBxml\fR
Simple XML grouped by host.
.TP
\fBcsv\fR
Comma\-separated: host,port,proto,service,version,proxy.
.RE
.TP
\fB\-tool\fR \fIname\fR
Scanner backend.  \fBbuiltin\fR (default; pure\-Go TCP connect, always proxied,
with service/version detection) or \fBnmap\fR (opt\-in; see the CIDR warning).
.TP
\fB\-confirm\fR \fIN\fR
Built\-in scan quorum: how many proxies must agree a port is open before it is
reported (default: 1).
.TP
\fB\-conc\fR \fIN\fR
Concurrency for the built\-in scanner (default: 200).
.TP
\fB\-timeout\fR \fIsec\fR
Connect timeout in seconds (default: 5).
.TP
\fB\-rotate\fR / \fB\-no\-rotate\fR
Rotate proxy between targets (default: on).
.TP
\fB\-wrap\fR / \fB\-no\-wrap\fR
Wrap pool when exhausted (default: on).
.TP
\fB\-nmap\-path\fR \fIpath\fR
Absolute path to the nmap binary.
Saved to \fI~/.config/rofk/config\fR for future runs.
.SS "nmap and CIDR (leak warning)"
With \fB\-tool nmap\fR on a CIDR, real nmap runs through a local SOCKS relay.
nmap's \fB\-\-proxies\fR can silently fall back to a DIRECT connection if a proxy
fails, leaking this host's IP. nmap cannot avoid this; the default \fBbuiltin\fR
scanner is always proxied with no fallback.
.SS "nmap pass-through"
Every flag not listed above is forwarded to nmap unchanged (used only with
\fB\-tool nmap\fR).
This includes \fB\-sV\fR, \fB\-sC\fR, \fB\-A\fR, \fB\-O\fR, \fB\-T4\fR,
\fB\-Pn\fR, \fB\-\-script\fR, \fB\-oX\fR, and all others.
Use \fB\-\-\fR to separate ambiguous flags if needed.
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
.B validate
Validate a list of proxies concurrently.
.nf
  rofk validate \-f proxies.txt \-o valid.txt \-t 100 \-T 10
.fi
.TP
.B scan
Legacy scan subcommand (nmap or built\-in).
.nf
  rofk scan \-pool valid.txt \-target host \-tool nmap
.fi
.TP
.B man
Print this man page to stdout.
Pipe through \fBman \-l \-\fR to render it in a pager.
.TP
.B help
Print the usage summary.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/rofk/config
Key\-value configuration file.  Currently stores \fBnmap_path\fR.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Built\-in scan (default): always proxied, with service/version detection:
.nf
  rofk \-proxlist ~/proxies.txt \-ip 192.168.1.2 \-p 80,443
.fi
.PP
Require two proxies to agree a port is open (defeats lying proxies):
.nf
  rofk \-proxlist ~/proxies.txt \-ip target.com \-p 1\-1024 \-confirm 2
.fi
.PP
Opt into nmap for version detection / NSE on a range (see the CIDR warning):
.nf
  rofk \-proxlist proxies.txt \-ip 10.0.0.0/24 \-tool nmap \-sV \-\-script=vuln \\
    \-oX nmap\-out.xml
.fi
.PP
Use a custom nmap binary path (saves for future runs):
.nf
  rofk \-nmap\-path /opt/nmap/bin/nmap \-proxlist proxies.txt \-ip host
.fi
.PP
Validate a proxy list and save live proxies:
.nf
  rofk validate \-f raw.txt \-o live.txt \-t 200 \-T 8
.fi
.SH INSTALLATION
.SS "Building from source"
.nf
  git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/rofk
  cd rofk
  make install        # builds and installs binary + man page
.fi
Or without make:
.nf
  go build \-o rofk .
  install \-m755 rofk /usr/local/bin/
  install \-m644 docs/rofk.1 /usr/local/share/man/man1/
.fi
.SS "nmap"
nmap must be installed separately.
.nf
  macOS:    brew install nmap
  Debian:   apt install nmap
  Fedora:   dnf install nmap
  Windows:  winget install nmap
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nmap (1),
.BR proxychains (1)
.SH BUGS
Report issues at the project GitHub page.
